Hit the road Jack, and don’cha come back (Project X)
No more, no more, no more, no more (Hah, ayy, turn me up)
Hit the road Jack, and don’cha come back (Ayy)
No more, no more, no more, no more (Ayy, turn me up)
Turn me up, turn me up, turn me up
Hit the road Jack, and don’cha come back (Turn me up, turn me up, turn me up)
No more, no more, no more, no more (Hah)
Hit the road Jack, and don’cha come back (Ayy, ah)
No more, no more, no more, no more (Ayy, ayy, ayy)
When I hop on this shit, and I’m droppin’ a six
In the back and I rock my Vans
I get in my chill and I swear to God, admit it, I better not put that on friend
Niggas up with a chop where the stick stay
Niggas up with a chop on a mean man
Wanna chop, wanna stop, wanna speed
Nigga stop what you talk, wanna feel like a bee
Built with a chop, niggas on scare today
Rich, I wanna feel like a belay
Rich, I wanna feel like a relay
Jump on that shit and I feel like a relay race, race
Niggas is puttin’ up stakes, stakes
Niggas on crack, on the bay, bay
Bangin’ the D’s and I’m fuckin’ the delay, choppa, let’s play
Ride, ride, ride to the muhfuckin’ Vertt, Vertt
Tryna tell me that I’m MCVertt, Vertt
Wanna chop, on the top of the cop car
Niggas wan’ chop and I feel like a wor-word
Ayy, wanna hop on a jersey
Niggas on dicks, so I gotta get sturdy
Niggas don’t want but I gotta get, buddy
I gotta get dizzy, I gotta get it started
I hop on the chop, running out with the gang
Niggas on dick, man, I feel like the rain
Nigga vibe with a chop, wanna feel like a name
Wanna chop, wanna feel like a bang
Bang, bang, bang, bang
My speed, speed, speed
Makin’ you see, see, see
Like fuck do you mean, mean, mean?
Back in the grade, didn’t know what to do
Niggas OD but I bump in the stu’ (Ah)
But I’m on my step when I walk in the crew
Like fuck it, you know what the chop gonna do
And I’m screaming out “Speed gang!”
Nah, nah, nigga, Speed gang!
Wanna hop on this shit, want to chop with a feel
Man I’m feeling like a rename (What? What?)
I feel like gorilla my nigga, my trues are now really now fuller than niggas, I feel like a bed (Arf, arf, arf, arf, arf, arf, arf, arf)
Put in more cheese I’m not built like a bitter nigga, shoot better sure about who did you shoot, like what? (Arf, arf, arf, arf, arf, arf, arf)
Like what? Like what? Like what? (Arf, arf, arf, arf)
I said now it’s what (Arf, arf, arf, arf, arf, arf)
Now what, what, what, what? (Arf, arf, arf, arf, arf, arf)
Ready or not, here I come, you can’t hide
Gonna find you and take it slowly
Shake, shake, shake, shake-shake
Shake, shake, shake, shake,
Now bou-bou, bou-bou-bou, bou-bou-bou
Now bounce that ass, bounce that ass
Bou, bou-bou-bou
Bou-bounce that ass, bounce that ass
Bounce that ass, bounce that ass
Now suck that cock, cock, cock, cock, cock, cock
Now suck that cock, cock, cock, cock, cock, cock
Now shake that ass (Arf, arf), shake that ass (Arf, arf)
Shake that ass (Arf, arf), shake that a-shake that ass (Arf, arf)
I said now shake, shake (Arf), shake, shake (Arf)
Shake, shake (Arf), shake, shake (Arf)
Shake that ass, shake that ass (Arf)
Shake that ass (Arf), shake that a-shake that ass (Arf)
Shake that ass
We out this bitch, nigga
Buy that merch, link in description, nigga
Fuck you mean?
Hit the road Jack, and don’tcha come back
No more, no more, no more, no more
Hit the road Jack, and don’tcha come back
No more, no more, no more, no more
